What does a guy who's in Malcolm X now in this video we're going to be working at this head right here
OK we want to choose a better color scheme so that we just stick to it.
This is the main and the most important thing of creating a Web site.
OK.
You must have seen other developers and designers those who do.
Who are teacher.
OK.
They just teach you that how can you develop a website but they do not teach you the main basics of
the website.
That how you say it is going to look after it.
So you have to focus on one thing.
Ok use three Fornes not more than that.
And of abseiled use five colors or four colors or if you just listen to me then go with three colors.
Do not go with more than that.
OK.
You can go with the four colors if you want to it doesn't matter.
So what you're having Do you have to just go to the team goes to Mizer And then here you can see that
we have the settings right here and here we have to go to the header and navigation and then we have
to go to the header form and so here we can control the header format.
That however how we wanted the header format so we can change it to be centered.
We can change it to be centering in line logo.
We can change it to the slide.
And so if we just click here you can see it's going to slide this in and we can change it to be full
screen.
So if I just click here you can see it is now in the full screen mode.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go back I basically want to make it the default one.
So I'm going to go back and then I want to go to the primary menubar.
I'm just going to come here and here you can see that I can make it full that I can hide the logo.
I can change the menu hide the logo Mxs hide the text size and the letter spacing that we want.
So then we have the font I have chosen the font to be open sense.
And then I have the background color.
So I want to change the background color to be black.
OK.
A bit of like another full black and a one the text color to be this one OK.
This looks cool.
This looks amazing.
OK.
I want to make it full
cool.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to come here to actively color and I want it to be let's come here and
let's just change it.
We need to make some changes to that.
It is not fully
OK I think.
OK now I want to just change it like this.
Let's just change the text Scala to be a bit more different.
Okay now it makes a bit of difference and it is looking cool.
OK so then we have the backroom killer the dropdown and everything looks cool.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
And now we're going to work with our builder.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit Cross right now and you can see this is how our
this thing is looking.
Make sure that you choose your logo to be this color only.
OK your logo should be having this color.
So I'm just going to go to the visual builder or I can just go to the dashboard right here and then
I can go to the pages all pages and then I have to go to the home page
and then here I have to just come here and I have to choose.
Use visual builder.
So I'm just going to click here and it's going to take me to the new page where there will be the visual
builder and I can edit everything.
So let's wait till this is loaded and here we go.
This is how the builder is looking.
OK.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to add something here.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit add new row.
OK.
And here I can add anything.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to grab this one because I need the full width.
OK so here we can add anything that that can be folded.
So let's see how much options we have right here as we have so many options that we can choose post-Idol
pricing table post navigation post slider shop slider and tab's testimonial toggle video video habor.
So I'm just going to be moving on with the slider here and you can see slider is here but I don't think
so if we need to add a slider in a column we want to make it the full That's how we are going to add
it.
Let's just come here let's just deleted Let's click add a new section from this guy right here the blue
button.
OK.
And here and one the full of it.
So in the full that we have full coord folded Hetter full that image folded map for when many fold porfolio
for that post-Labor full forward post-Idol.
And then we have the full slider so you can add a slider that will be like moving slider and there will
be images coming right here and that would be great.
So I'm just going to be adding a slider a here and see Slider has been added and now here I have to
focus on here is two three options I have.
I have the content I have the design and then I have the advanced math.
So in the content I can add the sliders vidis plus icon I can move the elements.
I can show arrows show controls and then I have the background so if I want to add any bag own and then
I have the admin label I mean the design I can move on with the layout with the text with the title
text through here we would be having the title text it would be having the body text the burden.
And then we have this say using.
OK we have the spacing that how much spacing we want a custom made margin and the padding and then we
have the border.
OK.
We have the box Chatto that if you want to give any shadow.
And then we have the filter's Ray here.
And so you can also go then blend mode.
OK.
And then we have the animation that how we want anything to appear.
And then we have the advance staff here we have this see SS ID that I showed you that what is this season.
If you want to call anything with the burden so you cannot as a society we have Testim see assess if
you know the C Ss you can do with a custom C Ss then we have the attributes and we have the visibility
show the the content on mobile and show image video on mobile disable on phone tablet and everything.
So you guys already know about this visibility this is used for mobile optimization.
OK.
So in the next video we will be working up with this whole slider.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And goodbye.